I'm going to go ahead and exit full screen,
and I'm actually going to stop my server as well,
just so it's not trying to redeploy as I'm making changes here.
I want to navigate down to my src, main,
webapp, WEB_INF, jsp, and open up our login page.
Inside of here, we have the div for our Invalid username and password,
and that will display now that we have that failure URL set up correctly,
but let's add a CSS class on here, and that is just a class= to error,
and save that.
And just so you can see where that's coming from,
it's from the top of our head section in this JSP page.
So we have that error block right here on line 19 in my
code where you can see it's just defining a red color block
that's going to surround this.
So, now down below in our login page,
we can go ahead and specify that we have this error message tied to this,
which is just an Invalid username and password.
Like I mentioned before,
you can handle errors differently, you could have different parameters
that you pass back, there's access to that inside of the spring object to
redirect back to a different parameter, so you could have more specific
errors set up here. Now one word of caution is that it's generally good
advice to send back more generic errors that doesn't expose any of your
security model.
So just a word of caution there, that's why we've left it somewhat
vague, just saying Invalid username and password.
So let's start this up, and now that our app has launched, we can click on Add
Registration. Let's put in that bogus username and password,
and it now redirects us back and displays that red error
message of Invalid username and password.
A little later in this module, we'll show you another
method to displaying that, but for now,
all of your error messages are being sent back to the UI, and we've even highlighted them in red.